#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.13
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.3
    # via -r requirements.in
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via langchain-postgres
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
celery==5.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.7.9
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
fastapi==0.116.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via neo4j-graphrag
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
json-repair==0.39.1
    # via neo4j-graphrag
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kombu==5.5.4
    # via celery
langchain==0.3.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-neo4j
langchain-community==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.3.68
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-neo4j
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-neo4j==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-postgres==0.0.15
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via mako
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
neo4j==5.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-neo4j
    #   neo4j-graphrag
neo4j-graphrag==1.8.0
    # via langchain-neo4j
numpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   neo4j-graphrag
    #   pgvector
    #   scipy
openai==1.93.2
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
pgvector==0.3.6
    # via langchain-postgres
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-postgres
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via langchain-postgres
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   neo4j-graphrag
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
pymupdf==1.26.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pypdf==5.7.0
    # via neo4j-graphrag
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via celery
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via neo4j
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   neo4j-graphrag
redis==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
scipy==1.16.0
    # via neo4j-graphrag
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250516
    # via neo4j-graphrag
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via kombu
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
